object:- A real world entity
object have atributes and property 
what object do behaviour and method
identity 
atribute or property
property

Online book store.
object-books
attributes-name of the book,pages,topic of the book,auother name,
actions-read,puches,add to cart.

object-user
attributes-login id and password
actions-enter details and login, reset the password.

object:-shoping cart
attributes:-count of books
actions:-add books, remove the books.

object:-payment 
attributes:-ATM or payment details.
action:-online payment.

object:-order status
attributes:-ordered parcel id.
actions:-tracks the status,cancle the oreder.

object:-return
attributes:-order id,payment details
actions:return the book


Employee management.

object:-employs data base
attributes:-storage capacity,employs details,count of employees
actions:-search,adding new employ details,deleting employ details,addit employee details.

object:-employ 
attributes:-designation,tecnical skills,age.
actions:-prodective working,time management,upskilling him self,doing projects,writing codes.


object:-leaves
attributes:-reasone for leave
actions:-writing mail

object:-department
attributes:-name of the department.
actions:-finding  the employes in that department.

object:-salary
attributes:-amount
actions:-payments to employes accounts.


library management.
object:-shelf
attributes:-books,records,question papers.
actions:-inserting books,taking the books,adding new books.

object:-entery record
attributes:-entery persone details like name,time,address.
actions:-writing details,changing the details.

object:-book
attributes:-no of pages,name,topic,auother name.
actions:-read,write,take away,returning the book.

object:-library staff
attributes:-name,designation,gender,age.
actions:-entering details of the persone,changing user details,adding books,removing old books.

object:-due records
attributes:-name of book,user details,books taken date,due amount.
actions:-paying due amount.

social media

object:-facebook
attributes:-name,login page,posts,read,write.
actions:-login,logout,chage password,add new user.

object:-user
attribute:-name,age,user ID,password,mobile number,gender.
actions:-login,logout,detail can change

object:-comments
attributes:-content,count of comments,poositive and negative commets.
actions:-add comment,delete comment,like comment,dislike comment,modify commment.

object:-likes
attribute:-likes and dislikes,count of likes.
actions:-add new like,dislike,remove like.


instance variable
local variable
static variable


local variable 


objects are used to call the methods, The objects are created with new operator with the respective class name.

types of variables
instance variable
local variable
static variable

local variable
local variables are created inside the method,constructor or block. And the local variables are craeted inside the method,constructor or block and destroied after getting control out of the method.
local vvariables stored in stack memory.


instance variable
instance variable created inside the class out side the method,constructor or block.
the instance variable means the data for every object is changed but variable name is same.
the instance variable  copy creates for every object
instance variable is created when the object is created and it destroied when the object is destroied.
instance variable stored in heap memory.

static variable 
static variable created inside the class out side the method,constructor or block.
static variable creates copy of one.
static variable is acceseble for all objects in class
stativ variable stored in method area or class area

how to access instance variable 
objname.variable name


how to access the static variable
classname.variablename (or) objname.variablename 


variables and methods together they called as members

to maniplulate state of the object we use setter and getter methods

method overloading 
same method name with different parameters data type ,no of parameterts are different
the method overloading is not achived when we change just return type.


/constructors
//constructor is similar to the method only but there are some differences
//1. constructor name and classname must match
//2. constructor don't have the return type


